When I initially purchased the headset it was having some issues. My main issue was that when I was on discord, people could hear themselves through my mic. I tried everything possible to fix my issue and NOTHING worked. The only thing I could do is turn everyone and everything down so far I could barely hear anything. I almost gave up. I ended up trying to plug them into the BACK of my computer… and what do you know? The echo is gone and my headset works perfectly! I can now play loud music in the background right next to me and my mic doesn’t pick it up. People I call with, no longer hear an echo no matter how loud I turn them up. I can even put up a booster for my mic and STILL no echo. Genuinely a good product. 10/10. On another note I didn’t even have to pay for any other program. Razer sends a little code that you can scan use to set up a free 7.1 surround sound with the headphones if you want. There isn’t much IN the program but I personally don’t use it much so I don’t have an issue. It does what it’s intended to do which is give me the ability to hear and speak to people and games. Now there is a special sound thing you can purchase called THX Spatial Audio. It is $20 but it gives you a code for 50% off so you only really pay $10 which isn’t bad. Now I don’t know if everyone gets the code or if it’s limited, or if you have to have had the 7.1 surround sound prior for a while or not. I just saw the add for it, clicked on it and it gave me a code to use. I tested the program out before buying it because it gives you an option to trial run it for 15 days and honestly it’s pretty cool. You can customize the sounds and what not and the different frequencies and adjust a whole bunch of things I won’t go into too much detail. The headset is also pretty comfortable and fits my head nicely. People who have bigger heads it might be a little small so you have to move the ear pieces themselves on the metal bars down turns out. Overall, I personally very much liked the headset. 5 stars.
